All right let's go ahead and add in some color to our tree.
So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to add a new layer we're going to drag that layer
underneath and then drag it back up so that way it automatically creates it into a clipping mask.
Now this is a clipping mask for our trunk.
So let's go ahead and fill this layer in with a color.
So let's select a color for our trunk.
So I'm thinking it's going to be a brown maybe a little bit more towards the Reds.
OK.
Now we can go ahead and fill that layer in.
Now it's just filling in as a solid color.
But what we can do is we can change the blend mode to something that works better like overlay.
Now that doesn't work very well so we can try something like multiply and multiply works much better.
Next let's add some green to our tree.
So we're going to add a new layer above our tree leaves layer Right-Click and create a clipping mask
and then we can go ahead and fill that layer in with a green.
So I'm going to find green.
Probably going to be pretty saturated and bright.
OK.
And then we can fill that in.
Then let's change that to multiply awesome.
Now lastly we want to add a couple of little lines to our tree.
So the way we're going to do that is by first creating a new layer.
Then let's zoom in here.
And on a grid system we're going to create the lines that we want.
Because they need to be an isometric perspective.
So we're going to start right here and then come two squares over like so and then we're going to come
to more squares over here and then we're going to come straight up and we're going to eyeball this civil
come up to about there and then we can come over like so and just eyeballing it just guesstimate about
how high up you should be from this line down here.
We'll do the same thing over to this side.
So about their straight down next.
Let's go ahead and fill that in with a darker green.
So going to grab my green and Durcan that a bit to maybe a little bit darker about there and we'll fill
that in next.
Let's go ahead and make this layer into a clipping layer mask by Dragon underneath our green layer and
then dragging it above it.
So now we can't see it any more because it's not within the shape.
But if we use or grab a move tool you see we can move that into the correct position.
So right now it's not being applied as a multiply layer.
And so it's appearing brighter than the other parts of our tree.
So what we want to do is we want to change it's layer type to multiply.
And now that brings it to a darker color.
Now let's go ahead and copy this layer.
We're going to copy it two times.
Now we need to grab both these layers and drag them underneath our other layer to turn them into clipping
layer masks.
And then one at a time we can go ahead and drag them up like so grab the next one.
Drag it up.
Perfect.
All right.
So now we have a pretty cool looking tree and this isometric perspective.
Next we're going to add a little shadow down here because the Trude probably be casting a shadow on
the ground.
So the way we're going to do this is by selecting the shape of the top of our tree.
So we need to come down to that layer.
And I want to go ahead and select that shape.
Now I have my tolerance turned up too high.
And what that means is it's selecting colors that are similar instead of colors that are exact.
So we only want it to select anything that is this exact color right here.
So I'm going to turn my tolerance down to zero and then I'm going to select this.
And so then I'm going to go ahead and add a new layer underneath all of my layers and I'm going to drag
this selection down so it fits right into this corner.
And then I can go ahead and fill this in with black.
Then I'm going to turn my opacity down to 25 percent.
Now my trunk is not very centered with my shadow.
So what I can do is I can grab all my layers except for my shadow then using my grab move to an arrow
keys on a keyboard I can nudge that up until it's about in the center.
And we can tell it's in the center by drawing a straight line through here with our mind.
And if it goes straight through these two points then you're about in the center.
All right you just created your first crossroads game graphics.
I hope you're really excited in the next lecture.
We're actually going to build a semi truck out of these cubes.
Thanks for watching and I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.